hey guys whatever little math let's play
spider-man we left off he had just been
dumped in the sewers by venom that
little semiotic freak you could climb
out any time you wanted to thank Li but
we're not going to because we have our
life to save ya boo find you she aware
we saying we're not gonna find him he's
fuckin like finally 100 feet ahead of us
miles ahead of us yeah these guys are
like the wizard experience experiment
sorry um I really like you don't really
feel like fighting them because they
can't take a lot of your help off and
I'll take it honest all I think is it
worth it because they are like from my
knowledge they are for sure they're
either humans that have been
experimented on and become wizardry
losers that'll be experimented on
incoming humanoids but anyway like
either way you know I don't feel it's
right to be killing them all a trap you
know video game yeah these are yet to
fight
and they all pretty strong Oh God what
the fuck oh it's the fucking recording
curse man like I did this level like
literally like oh and I forgot the color
book is also it's not really that bad of
a thing now that was all my fault right
there yes we know this yeah there was a
coma class although I completely forgot
it because I'm stupid oh just tell the
guys
I don't know how I died I really don't I
literally did this level so many times
like channel it's like making sure like
I never the common books were and all
that and oh my god
can't leave oh jesus fucking recording
and I am Vardhan rim belongs I'm like
get off that subject here anyway here's
the column look over here magically
appears
why yeah I don't know maybe me or the
lizard felt it cuz you know letters D
like to recall books I think maybe
autumn
Oh God oh that was close
I cut out that made a mistake in our
string
oh hell yeah look I'm not on my webbing
I got now I've always sought off the
level I had like five partridges I got
hate now that's crazy
maybe daddy's maybe dying is not a bad
thing after all
no no spider-man just in time let's go
play pin the tail on the wizard that
blood
open this door
oh I'm just a little girl scout selling
cookies won't wanna buy some old guard
I've never been on one side to cookies
though cuz he's blue he's quite monsters
and so when I'm cooking austere
reference here which is really plug in a
SUP but you know the way now these guys
I'm gonna try to dodge as well I choose
he might know when targeting mode Allen
targeting mode
I said that's kind of get away from the
lizards because it would like spit on me
cuz they're so rude
anyway get over here now if you look at
this waterfall back here there's a
little black slave you know miss me -
yeah we have counting books - web
cartridges and Spidey Auburn it's heavy
golden he didn't say it started so I
thought I was here
yeah like the own the reason like these
pillars are like red means that you
can't swing to them and they're green
amazing canceling swing to them which is
kind of weird because apparently they
have like some magical spider-man
sensors and they can sense what's firing
I can swing to them I don't know why did
I swing that high
Spidey can you make it oh god no you
can't make it we make it out god damn it
thanks Mick yeah okay I believe here you
don't actually use actually jump to
please me
okay good I didn't make that notice
sucked
I'm gonna try to talk to you guys well
you got you got quite a little fight
going
I got caught up in that wall you see
that yeah we got quite a fight up ahead
so I want to try to keep my spider armor
sure